welcome to Nationals Park the home of
the Washington Nationals in the event of
an emergency here's the evacuation plan
presented by Associated Builders and
Contractors guests in the field level
seating sections 100 through 143 or
seated in the Washington Suites should
walk up the aisle to the main concourse
turn left or right and proceed to the
nearest unobstructed gate to exit the
ballpark guests seated in the field
level ad a sections please utilize the
ad a tunnels guests seated in the club
and suite level should exit through the
suite corridor to the nearest stairwell
or ramp and follow it to the main
concourse level and proceed to the
nearest gate to exit the ballpark guests
in the red loft
Miller light scoreboard walk and
mezzanine conference seating areas
should proceed to the nearest stairwell
or ramp to exit and continue away from
the ballpark guests in the terrace and
gallery levels should walk up or down
the aisles to the concourse and proceed
to the nearest stairwell or ramp and
follow it to the main concourse level
proceed to the nearest unobstructed gate
to exit the ballpark media located on
the broadcast levels please use the
closest stairwell and proceed down to
the main concourse to exit the ballpark
elevators and escalators will not be in
use during an evacuation ballparks staff
and public safety officials will be
available to direct guests to the
evacuation routes on each level please
remain calm and evacuate in a prompt and
safe manner in the event of an emergency
the Washington Nationals and Associated
Builders and Contractors thank you for
your attention and please enjoy the game